📖  Update `amp-tiktok` documentation to include placeholder information (#35409)
ampproject/amphtml: extensions/amp-tiktok/amp-tiktok.md

If you choose to set the height of to a value which is which is greater than the height the height will remain the height of the `iframe`.

## Placeholder

> If you would like your component to display a placeholder image make sure a source URL for the TikTok is provided.
> Either using the source URL as the `data-src` attribute or by using the TikTok provided `blockquote` which provides the URL in the `cite` attribute.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to set a placeholder image:

- Pointing the `data-src` attribute to the image URL
- Pointing the TikTok provided  `cite` attribute, made available through `blockquote`, to the image URL.  
```
